alright so this is actual gameplay
footage of NBA live 15 5 on 5 gameplay I
guess this is just a regular exhibition
match between the Cavaliers and the
Rockets nowaday really catch too much to
talk about in this clip besides that
nice dunk by King James I think that was
on Terrence Jones I believe so that's
the only real thing I've noticed in that
clip and a little nice celebration at
the end of the play now this clip right
here the second gameplay kick flip that
they released look how James Harden went
out of bounds came back and at the top
of the key caught the ball now look at
dion Waiters he still reaches to try to
steal the ball as james harden goes by
him James Harden does that in real life
every single game every time I see James
hard and play he does that when somebody
gets by him he still tried to steal the
ball I've seen a lot of players players
do that and the nice little time after
he got the hand one going to the line of
try to convert the three-point play now
here's the full clip with no slow motion
no nothing I like what I see man is
really nothing Oh another thing that I
really want to talk to y'all about when
in lot 14 when somebody gets you know
and one or something like that everybody
goes into the same animation almost
every single time they go into the
little bend down animation acting like
they're tired I haven't seen that in the
clips that you know ETA released for
line 15 now this clip right here look at
the White Howard and Tristan Thompson I
love it I love it the white got into the
better position the first time I look at
Tristan Thompson getting into a better
position at second time I like that a
lot in love 14 you never saw that
happening and you know I just I like
what I see man it's nothing bad to talk
about in these three clips that EA
released it nothing bad at all in my
opinion you know you got some people
down a graphic horse I don't really care
man I mean yes it is we are playing on
next-gen we should have good graphics
but this is good enough to me that's
just me I'm not a graphic person like
that I grew up playing at endo 64 and
Sega Dreamcast and you know all the old
you know concerts that did really have
good graphics I don't need graphics to
keep playing video games I just want
good gameplay
and by these clips that i'm showing you
i see good gameplay now I I really do
hope that EA work on the game like
non-stop putting all the work they can
and I hope love you know delivers a good
game I really do I went to good
basketball games when it comes to this
year cuz you know I don't know if y'all
heard the news yet but love has been
pushed back to october twenty eighth
they need a couple more weeks to work on
gameplay and five on five game playing
animations and fixing up bugs and
coloring the game and stuff like that i
will leave a link in the description to
the letter that um I forgot his name I
think is Sean O'Brien that he released
so I will leave a link to that in the
description check that out read that and
I yeah man I just want to good
basketball games that's really about it
I'm not gonna talk our head off any
longer thanks for watching stomp on that
like button leave a comment of what you
think on these clips and I am out